We forgot to add something really important.
It is a middleware.
So this middleware will help the front end to communicate with the server side because server side and
the front end are two separate things or two separate or for example the server side have port 3000
while the front end has maybe or 4200.
So in order for the front end to communicate smoothly to the front to the back and we need to add a
middle word called Course course stands for cross origin resource sharing.
It is something that is declared by the WTC on communication between different domains by coarse communications
between the same domain will be allowed the users and the communication that Ross originated will be
restricted to a few techniques we can see these when we are talking to API mostly the rest API will
may give us an area.
This is because the server and client sites are on different domains and the communication between them
are restricted by horse rules.
So in order for us to make front and the back can communicate smoothly we need to add this additional
middleware.
So go ahead and do that.
So it was good to show and be in store for that.
So now we have finish installed.
Go back to the server Yes and elicited quite a fall here because.
Conte's so close to a couple more
Im going to use
and thats about it.
Once we added this then we now are going to receive any area from the front end whenever you try to
make an API call to the server you will never have like an area like you know Course request problem
and so on.
So hopefully you guys enjoyed this you do and you know I'll see you guys in the next couple of sections
by.